12. Implement a class for a “Student”. Information about a student includes name, roll no and an array
of five subject names. The class should have suitable constructor and get/set methods.
Implement a class “TabulationSheet”. A tabulation sheet contains roll numbers and marks of each
student for a particular subject. This class should have a method for adding the marks and roll no
of a student.
Implement a class “MarkSheet”. A mark sheet contains marks of all subjects for a particular
student. This class should have a method to add name of a student and marks in each subject.
Write a main() function to create three “Student” objects, Five “Tabulationsheet” objects for Five
subjects and three “Marksheet” object for three students. Print the mark sheets.
13. Create a base class “Automobile”. An Automobile contains data members ‘make’, ‘type’,
‘maxSpeed’, ‘price’, ‘mileage’, ‘registrationNumber’ etc. with their reader/writer methods. Now
create two sub-classes “Track” and “Car”. Track has data members ‘capacity’, ‘hoodType’,
‘noOfWheels’ etc. Car has data members ‘noOfDoors’, ‘seatingCapacity’ and their reader/writer
methods. Create a main() function to demonstrate this.
14. Implement the classes for the following inheritance hierarchies.
Create an interface “Shape” that contains methods ‘area’, ‘draw’, ‘rotate’, ‘move’ etc. Now create
two classes “Circle” and “Rectangle” that implement this ‘Shape’ interface and implement the
methods ‘area’, ‘move’, etc. Write a main() function to create two “Circle” and three “Rectangle”,
then move them. Print the details of circles and rectangles before after moving them.
15. Imagine a toll booth and a bridge. Cars passing by the booth are expected to pay an amount of Rs.
50/- as toll tax. Mostly they do but sometimes a car goes by without paying. The toll booth keeps
track of the number of the cars that have passed without paying, total number of cars passed by,
and the total amount of money collected. Execute this with a class called “Tollbooth” and print
out the result as follows:
The total number of cars passed by without paying.
Total number of cars passed by.
Total cash collected.
16. Write two interfaces “Fruit” and “Vegetable” containing methods ‘hasAPeel’ and ‘hasARoot’.
Now write a class “Tomato” implementing Fruit and Vegetable. Instantiate an object of Tomato.
Print the details of this object.
17. A bookshop maintains the inventory of books that are being sold at the shop. The list includes
details such as author, title, publisher, cost and stock position. Whenever a customer wants a
book, the sales person inputs the title and author and the system searches the list and displays
whether it is available or not. If it is not, an appropriate message is displayed. If it is, then the
system displays the book details and details and requests for the number of copies required. If the
required copies are available, the total cost of the requested copies is displayed, otherwise the
message “requires copies not in stock” is displayed. Design a system using a class called “Book”
with suitable member methods and constructor
